Update security docs (#1511)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/security.md

This flag ensures your Atlantis install isn't being used with repositories you don't control. See `atlantis server --help` for more details.

### Protect Terraform Planning
If attackers submitting pull requests with malicious Terraform code is in your threat model
then you must be aware that `terraform apply` approvals are not enough. It is possible
to run malicious code in a `terraform plan` using the [`external` data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/external/latest/docs/data-sources/data_source)
or by specifying a malicious provider. This code could then exfiltrate your credentials.

To prevent this, you could:

> 1. Bake providers into the Atlantis image or host and deny egress in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Bake providers into the Atlantis image or host and deny egress (outside of provider related endpoints) in production.
```

> 1. Implement the provider registry protocol internally and deny public egress, that way you control who has write access to the registry.

Author: @nishkrishnan please help with this section

Reviewer: It's worth noting that external data source would likely not be available for use if you don't add it to your internal provider registry. This is an assumption though.

> 1. Implement the provider registry protocol internally and deny public egress, that way you control who has write access to the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For external dependency concerns, Implement the provider registry protocol internally, that way you control who has write access to the registry and only allow approved provider implementations.
```

1. Modify your [server-side repo configuration](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/server-side-repo-config.html)'s `plan` step to validate against the
   use of not allowed providers or data sources or PRs from not allowed users. You could also add in extra validation at this point, e.g.

>    requiring a "thumbs-up" on the PR before allowing the `plan` to continue.

Reviewer 2: Is there an example of how to do this validation of providers / data sources somewhere?

Author: I'm not sure exactly. I think a regex would probably work. @nishkrishnan conftest only works on the plan output so that wouldn't work right?

Reviewer: conftest works on any structured data but the way it's been written in Atlantis is to run explicitly on the plan output. Support could probably be added to run a pre-plan conftest validation step on the terraform hcl itself.

Reviewer 3: Hello, we use this two policies to block any `local-exec` and `null_resource`:

local-exec.rego
```rego
package main

# List of disallowed provisioner types
denied_provisioners := ["local-exec"]

array_contains(arr, elem) {
  arr[_] = elem
}

# count(path)-2 selects the parent object in path example: `module.test`
module_name(path) = name {
    name := sprintf("module.%s", [path[count(path)-2]])
} else = root {
    root := "root-module"
}

# Walk the configuration looking in root module and any called module for provisioners and check against denied list.
deny[reason] {
    some path, value
    walk(input.configuration.root_module, [path, value])
    resource := value.resources[_]
    provisioner := resource.provisioners[_]
    array_contains(denied_provisioners, provisioner.type)
    module := module_name(path)
    reason := sprintf(
        "%s.%s: provisioner of type '%s' is not allowed",
        [module, resource.address, provisioner.type]
    )
}
```

null_resource.rego
```rego
package main

# List of disallowed resources types
denied_resources := {"null_resource"}

# all resources
resources[resource_type] = all {
    some resource_type
    denied_resources[resource_type]
    all := [ name | name:= input.resource_changes[_]; name.type == resource_type ]
}

# number of creations of resources of a given type
num_creates[resource_type] = num {
    some resource_type
    denied_resources[resource_type]
    all := resources[resource_type]
    creates := [ res | res := all[_]; res.change.actions[_] == "create" ]
    num := count(creates)
}

deny[msg] {
    num_resources := num_creates["null_resource"]

    num_resources > 0

    msg := "resource of type 'null_resource' is forbidden – just for example and testing purposes"
}

```
